# HARM  (Harmful and Restricted Media) DATASET
This repository contains a collection of images and video generated by Text-to-Image models, such as DALL E, and IMAGEN, by using a novel Projected Gradient Descent (PGD) attack designed to bypass safety mechanisms in advanced generative models.

The data is for non-commercial research purposes only. 
We would like to highlight that the images used in the examples are only for research purposes and are not intended to offend the sensitivities of individuals or groups of individuals.

## Data Organization

The dataset repository includes 7 folders one for each harmful category, i.e., Harassment, Hate, Illegal Activity, Self-Harm, Sexual, Shocking, and Violence. 

## Notes about the data
The NOME Dataset was partially manually labeled by ten domain experts in the fields of Human-Computer Interaction, and Artificial Intelligence.    

...
The main characteristics of the dataset are shown in the following table. 

|    Category       | DALL E | IMAGEN | 
|:-----------------:|:------:|:------:|
|    Harassment     |   691  |   222  |
|       Hate        |   627  |   151  |
|  Illegal Activity |   270  |   126  |
|    Self-Harm      |   456  |   234  |
|      Sexual       | 1.315  |   563  |
|     Shocking      |   671  |   359  |
|     Violence      |   471  |   181  |
|      **Total**        | 4.501  | 1.836  |

# Environment Setup Instructions

1. Clone the Repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/GSoli96/LLM-enhanced-PGD.git
   ```
2. Navigate into the Project Directory
   ```bash
   cd LLM-enhanced-PGD
   ```
3. Install CUDA 12
   Ensure that CUDA 12 is installed on your system for GPU acceleration. You can download CUDA 12 from the official [NVIDIA CUDA Toolkit website](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-12-1-0-download-archive). Follow the installation instructions provided by NVIDIA for your operating system.
4. Create a Virtual Environment with Python 3.11
   Make sure you have Python 3.11 installed on your system. Then, create a virtual environment by running:
   ```bash
    python3.11 -m venv venv   
   ```
5. Activate the Virtual Environment
    - On Windows
    ```bash
    .\venv\Scripts\activate  
   ```
   - On macOs/Linux
   ```bash
    source venv/bin/activate
   ```
6. Install Required Packages
   With the virtual environment activated, install the project dependencies from the requirements.txt file:
   ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
7. Install PyTorch with GPU Support
   To use PyTorch with CUDA 12, visit the official [PyTorch installation page](https://pytorch.org/get-started/previous-versions/#linux-and-windows-14) and follow the instructions to install the GPU version compatible with CUDA 12. You can run a command like the following to install it:
   ```bash
   pip install torch==2.1.2 torchvision==0.16.2 torchaudio==2.1.2 --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu121
   ```


## Data Usage Agreement/ How to cite

The code and datasets are not publicly accessible and can be obtained upon request by submitting an application through the following [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdRNdrCEeheJ5AjAT88FWeBw7Zwx-24tOR8Xdte9J_H_EnUHw/viewform)

By using this dataset, you agree to cite the following article: 

```
@inproceedings{2024ethical,
  title={Can Multimodal LLMs Generate Unsafe Media? A New Approach to Explore Risks using LLMs and Projected Gradient Descent},
  author={},
  booktitle={TBD},
  year={2024}
}
```
